Add shortcode content to OP Q3 new components (#25515)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/observability_pipelines/prerequisites/http_server.md

To use Observability Pipelines' HTTP/S Server source, you need the following information available:

> - HTTP/S server address. The Observability Pipelines Worker listens to this socket address for logs from a HTTP/S client. For example, `0.0.0.0:9997`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- HTTP/S server address, such as `0.0.0.0:9997`. The Observability Pipelines Worker listens to this socket address for logs from a HTTP/S client.
```
